# Part One

The following threat assessment takes into consideration a 37 year old American male who is employed as a software engineer. He currently lives "nomadically", traveling the globe with little more than a bag of clothes and his computer. He regularly purchases and utilizes a cell phone in each major country he visits.

The perceived adversaries of this individual are unstructured hackers, unfunded terrorist groups, structured hackers, organized criminals, and nation states. The additional adversaries are a direct result of both his career of choice, and his acknowledged and uninterrupted international travel. Attack surfaces identified as potential concerns include his personal cell phones (both his US phone and all phones purchased overseas), his work laptop, frequent public and/or unsecured internet connections, his frequent border crossings, and the cloud infrastructure used by him for his work. The attack vectors he is most likely to face are direct and indirect malicious code, denial of service, distributed denial of service (DDoS), interception of communications, direct device penetration following theft, and indirect server penetration in the cloud of his work infrastructure. The mitigations recommended for this particular situation includes a multilayer strategy to address the concerns that both the career and the travel place upon him. His devices should be securely backed up to a cloud, with careful practice of preventing sensitive data to be arbitrarily stored without review. His devices should be protected with dual authentication, if available, and should always be kept locked out and secured physically. In the event of theft, the ability should exist to remotely "wipe" all data on the devices if they are exposed to a network connection. In foreign countries, cell phones should be purchased anonymously, and used with a monthly plan. Any use of foreign cellular services should be evaluated on a case by case basis regarding the potential security risks in that country. He should have a password management service that integrates security at the highest level, and his passwords should be changed monthly. His passwords should all be different and not follow a particular pattern.  With regards to his work and potential exposure therein, it should be ensured that the workplace and coworkers have implemented security policies on par with the level of protection needed in the industry. Every effort should be made to cross boarders with a minimum of sensitive devices, and when doing so they should always be carried on the person at all times. A VPN should be utilized at all times while abroad, as internet connections cannot be trusted. Regular checks should be performed by the individual to ensure that his security has not been compromised.