## Practical Security Implementation

Security world is gigantic according to increasingly expanding of information bombard. It seems that every one of us are get involved in the game of protection personal security. I will not discuss the security as a whole, but only focus on one popular topic today: computer security, that brings up a large number of use cases and scenarios in daily basis.

As a software engineer, we are the front line that faces the security risks and the pioneers that will come up with practical implementation of protection security. I will address several phases of implementations on how to protect your security in the computer kingdom:

1.  daily usage of electronic devices: always have a good habit of providing complex combination of password or random passphase which would be at least one upper case letter, one lower case letter, one numeric character and special characters with minimum no less than 10 characters. That will bring up at least 62 to the power of 10 combinations which is enormous even for the computing ability of supercomputer which is not accessible for personal use. Besides, you would better choose a trustful password manager to help organize these long non-sense characters that will save you quite amount of time.

2.  transmission of personal information: always be aware of safety when transferring the message that contains sensitive information. The suggestion is that firstly, choose trustful services that have good reputation in the industry. Secondly, encrypt your message as necessary and have good use of asymmetric cryptography if the message contains high level of sensitive information. Always update your firewall and virus database to protect your system. Be mindful when receiving unknown information. Don't open unknown message and delete it as soon as possible.

3.  usage of chip-based media in public: I would recommend you to use trustful devices to read any chip-based media that contain your sensitive personal information. Don't use public devices that are lack of protection to read the chip if you could get better devices from trustful organizations or other entities. Reduce the usage of your chip media if you could find any alternative that will complete the tasks. Always upgrade the devices that will consume the chip media to mitigate the leak of information and attack from third party entities.

4.  world wide web usage: always use the sites that apply to the https protocol and abandon those without https protocol. Don't open the sites with alerts and warning signs such as unknowns domain, obscure description from search engine or even lack of descriptions. Don't input your sensitive information unless you fully trust that site and its services and be aware of phishing, cross-site scripting(XSS), database injection and html injection, etc. Don't trust any unknown link or message.

5.  Password-based website usage: always choose wise combination of password or passphase. Upate your password or passphase regularly. Don't trust any unknown website that requires your personal information. Organize your passwords by trustful software or any better manner. Don't expose them to the public without awareness.

6.  paper-based documents usage: don't post your personal document or image that contains sensitive information to public. Be aware of third party entity that collects your personal image, documents, or any other resources. Be aware of any connected copy machine, tax machine, scanner, or camera. Don't let distrust devices capture your personal information without cautious.

7.  software development in good practice: as a software engineer, don't hard code any personal information, don't expose any personal information to public such as version control system, cloud-based devices or storages, and connected systems that lack of protection. Apply good manner of security policy to your software and get the proof of concept before implementing the actual code. Always upgrade your packages and system to keep safety avoiding vulnerability by third party entities.
