Billy is a 17 year old youth in Orange County, CA. He is a senior in Oranges high school. He plays as a line backer for his school's football team and lately, has been essential for his teams victories and after parties. He is a walking celebrity in his school and has almost all of the student body following him on instagrams and snapchat. He spends almost every waking moment on his iPhone 1000; from snapchatting his bed hair to showing off his different patterned pajamas right before his bedtime: 10:30 PM. Since gaining his large number of followers, he has not missed one single snap. The school depends on him to fill their internets with his super eventful life as a football star.
During his life of fandom, he has tried dating as many girls as possible before he is able to graduate and while he was having the time of his life as many students are plenty aware, some girls became obsessed with Billy and regret losing all their followers on tweeter after breaking up with Billy. Now Billy has a instagrams, snapchat, youtube, and twitter account all shared by the same email and to much surprise the same password: pigskn4lyfe. Many of his girlfriends have helped post photos of him because how can he take so many well lit portrait photos? Needless to say, they have logged in to atleast one of his social media acounts. He soon realizes weird posts have appeared on his facebook so he decides to delete it and make a new one. Soon after, he notices his instagram is being filled with spam posts and soon all his accounts. Billy finally decides to make several different emails to create new social media accounts.
