# Client Info

Matt is a small-business owner in Portland, OR. A chemist by profession, he has recently decided to expand his web-based fair-trade coffee import company into a physical storefront and coffee shop.  He has active company Facebook and Twitter accounts, as well as a web storefront powered by Squarespace that he put together with the help of his teenage nephew.  He also maintains a personal online presence in the form of a Facebook account and several profiles on dating sites. He regularly communicates with strangers in foreign countries over email and cell phone to arrange sales and logistics - after fifteen years of doing this, he says he is quite adept at sniffing out scammers, and is always careful not to share personal info until he has established a working relationship with a new partner.  His biggest concern is that local rivals will try to access his proprietary secrets for coffee grinding techniques and suppliers, and he keeps this information on a thumb-drive attached to his keychain at all times, refusing to save it locally to any machine.


# Security Recommendations for Matt

- Overall, Matt is probably at less risk than he thinks, but we should follow up on his web-storefront usage practices (most serious threat), as well as the setup he uses for Internet access in his new shop (most probable attack surface). The most serious threat he faces is not secret agents deployed by rival coffee-shops: he is much more likely to be a target for scammers or data-miners targeting his customers' info. He also desperately needs a more reliable way to protect his high-value data than a single physical copy.
- Squarespace can be reasonably relied on to keep their data secure, but Matt needs to be sure not to compromise it himself.  He should only be keeping the minimum information on each transaction required for his business purposes, and ideally, that information should be destroyed when its no longer required.  Also, if at all possible, those records should be stored off-site from the new cafe, on an entirely separate network. They should NOT be stored anywhere online, or accessible from a local network. It is likely that this stuff wasn't considered when the store was first set up, so it definitely needs to be scrutinized.
- Regardless of how good Matt feels he is at detecting business scammers, everybody is fallible.  Fortunately, none of his business communications should really require information about his technology or his customers.  We should make sure he knows questions about those things are red flags.
- The most pressing security concern for Matt is setting up his new location properly - this means NO sensitive information on the public network he is hosting in the cafe.  Once again, I recommend storing all "business records" (everything except storefront POS, which is likely a whole other system) offsite from the main location,via a separate access point than the one made available to the public.
- The biggest change to make *immediately* is to save that business-critical information somewhere other than a single flash drive (!). It's totally understandable that Matt wants to keep that info secure, but the fact is that it's much more valuable to him than it is to anyone else, and he's one unlucky coffee spill away from losing *all* of it. I would recommend he use the "3-2-1" rule of backups: any data you can't afford to lose should be backed up in at least 3 places, on at least 2 different devices, and with at least 1 back-up located physically off-site. "There are two types of people in this world: those with backups, and those who have never really lost something" - Anon