# **THREATMODEL**  
*the purpose of this article is to address a posible security threat that has the postential to compromise secure, private, or personal information for all personnel that must perform work duties abroad*  


 
| Attack Surface                           | Adversaries                             | Attack Vectors                           | Mitigations                              |
|------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Mobile devices with equipped with software that allows them to function as near field communication devices. | Criminals, any random passing stranger. | Typically, attacks are performed in busy areas where the adversary can get within close proximity to the victim.  A mobile device is used to scan for any info that is transmitted from any credit cards equipped with an NFC chip.  The info is then sent to a remote location where it is used to produce fraudulent credit cards and used without the owners consent or knowledge. | The best way to prevent an attack is to place all NFC-chipped credit cards in an anti-static sleeve to block any type of communication of information during an attack vector. |  

As summarized in the table above, there is ample reason for concern, for our collegues that work abroad from time to time.  When we are out on our travels, we will many times either have lunch with clients or grab food at a food court while on the go.  This opens us up to attack, particularly while waiting in line to order or just standing looking at a menu.  An attacker needs but a few moments to execute an attack with his mobile device to get any information that is on the credit cards in our wallets.  He then sends this data to his partners who can be anywhere- and are sometimes in another state or country.  From there, it takes just a few moments more before they have produced a replica credit card to with our info, to be used to make fraudulent purchases.  The best and easiest way to prevent such an attack is to keep all credit cards in an anti static sleeve in order to block any form of communication with nearby devices.  We can also take measures to report our movements ahead of time to our credit holders so that they will be aware that certain purchases will only be made within a certain area and that any purchases made at the same time anywhere else are suspect.

